"The great questions of the day will not be settled by means of speeches and majority decisions but by iron and blood." - Otto von Bismarck
"BrickPi is cool" - BrickPi
"God is on the side with best artillery" - Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte
"History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce" - Karl Marx
"These English are a strange people, and their General a wonderful man. They came here in the morning, looked at the Pettah walls, walked over it, killed all the garrison, and returned to breakfast! What can withstand them?" - Unknown Maratha chief
"England has no eternal friends, England has no perpetual enemies, England has only eternal and perpetual interests." - Henry John Temple
"The essence of war is violence, moderation in war is imbecility." - Admiral Jackie Fisher
"Die hard 57th, die hard!" - Colonel William Inglis
"In politics evils should be remedied, not revenged." - Emperor Napoleon III
"The great questions of the day will not be settled by means of speeches and majority decisions but by iron and blood." - Otto von Bismarck
"Ten million ignorances do not constitute one knowledge." - Klemens von Metternich
"Let him who loves his country in his heart, and not his lips only, follow me." - Guiseppe Garibaldi
"Revere the Emperor, expel the barbarians!" - Japanese nativist rallying cry
"The three great elements of modern civilization, gunpowder, printing, and the Protestant religion." - Thomas Carlyle
"It is well that war is so terrible, otherwise we should grow too fond of it." - General Robert E. Lee
"War is cruelty, and you cannot refine it." - General William T. Sherman
"God Almighty has set before me two great objects: the suppression of the slave trade and the reformation of manners." - William Wilberforce
"All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do; that's what I called "guessing what was at the other side of the hill." - Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley
"Publish and be damned!" - Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." - Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte
"Centuries have elapsed since schools were first established because learning was viewed as the exclusive province of the samurai and his superiors, farmers, artisans, merchants and women have neglected it altogether. There shall, in the future, be no community with an illiterate family, nor a family with an illiterate person. Hereafter every man shall, of his own accord, subordinate all other matters to the education of his children." - Emperor Meiji
"No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy" - Field Marshal Von Moltke the Elder
"There is no retreat from here, men. You must die where you stand." - Field Marshal Colin Campbell
"We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist." - Queen Victoria
"In a hundred years to come my people will not be fit for liberty. They do not know what it is. Despotism is the proper government for them." - General Antonio De Santa Anna
"I saw society cut into two: those who possessed nothing, united in a common greed; those who possessed something, united in a common terror. There were no bonds, no sympathy between these two great sections." - Alexis de Tocqueville 
"You may live to see man-made horrors beyond your comprehension." - Nikola Tesla
"The wars of people will be more terrible than those of kings" - Winston Churchill
"This is not peace! It is an armistace for 20 years!" - Field Marshall Ferdinand Foch
"Here they come, black as hell and thick as grass!" - Unknown Soldier, Rorke's Drift
"The lack of money is the root of all evil." - Mark Twain
"It is not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." - Mark Twain
"Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself." - Mark Twain
"Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it." Mark Twain
"There is no distinctly American criminal class - except Congress" - Mark Twain
"We have the best government money can buy." - Mark Twain
"There are lies, damned lies and statistics." Mark Twain
"One day the great European War will come out of some damned foolish thing in the Balkans." - Otto von Bismarck
"...it was resolved, That England was too pure an Air for Slaves to breath in." - Cartwright's Case (1569) 11 Elizabeth; 2 Rushworth's Coll 468
"Governments may think and say as they like, but force cannot be eliminated, and it is the only real and unanswerable power. We are all told that the pen is mightier than the sword, but I know which of these weapons I would choose." - Major Adrian Carton de Wiart
